# TransactionV2


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **float** | The amount of the transaction. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The resulting status of the transaction. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | A description of the transaction. | [optional] 
**contact** | [**BasicContact**](BasicContact.md) | Contact associated with this order | [optional] 
**order_ids** | **List[str]** | List of order ids transaction was against. | [optional] 
**contact_id** | **str** | The id of the contact the transaction was for. | [optional] 
**transaction_method** | **str** | The method of transaction. | [optional] 
**transaction_time** | **datetime** | When this transaction was made. In ISO-8601 format. | [optional] 
**external_reference_id** | **str** | An external reference id - typically from a payment processor - that references this transaction. | [optional] 
**external_response_code** | **str** | An external response code generated by payment processor | [optional] 
**error_details** | **str** | Any details if the transaction failed. | [optional] 
**payment_id** | **str** | Identifier of an order/invoice payment created by the transaction. | [optional] 
**is_successful** | **bool** | If the transaction completed in a successful state. PENDING transactions are treated &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**merchant_account_id** | **str** | The merchant account id through which the transaction was made. | [optional] 
**merchant_account_type** | **str** | The merchant account id through which the transaction was made. | [optional] 
**payment_method** | [**PaymentMethod**](PaymentMethod.md) | Details of the payment method used for this transaction. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from keap_core_v2_client.models.transaction_v2 import TransactionV2

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of TransactionV2 from a JSON string
transaction_v2_instance = TransactionV2.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(TransactionV2.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
transaction_v2_dict = transaction_v2_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of TransactionV2 from a dict
transaction_v2_from_dict = TransactionV2.from_dict(transaction_v2_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


