# KeapCoreServiceV2Sdk.TransactionV2

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **Number** | The amount of the transaction. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The resulting status of the transaction. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | A description of the transaction. | [optional] 
**contact** | [**BasicContact**](BasicContact.md) | Contact associated with this order | [optional] 
**orderIds** | **[String]** | List of order ids transaction was against. | [optional] 
**contactId** | **String** | The id of the contact the transaction was for. | [optional] 
**transactionMethod** | **String** | The method of transaction. | [optional] 
**transactionTime** | **Date** | When this transaction was made. In ISO-8601 format. | [optional] 
**externalReferenceId** | **String** | An external reference id - typically from a payment processor - that references this transaction. | [optional] 
**externalResponseCode** | **String** | An external response code generated by payment processor | [optional] 
**errorDetails** | **String** | Any details if the transaction failed. | [optional] 
**paymentId** | **String** | Identifier of an order/invoice payment created by the transaction. | [optional] 
**isSuccessful** | **Boolean** | If the transaction completed in a successful state. PENDING transactions are treated &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**merchantAccountId** | **String** | The merchant account id through which the transaction was made. | [optional] 
**merchantAccountType** | **String** | The merchant account id through which the transaction was made. | [optional] 
**paymentMethod** | [**PaymentMethod**](PaymentMethod.md) | Details of the payment method used for this transaction. | [optional] 



## Enum: StatusEnum


* `APPROVED` (value: `"APPROVED"`)

* `PENDING` (value: `"PENDING"`)

* `ERROR` (value: `"ERROR"`)

* `FAILED` (value: `"FAILED"`)

* `NONE` (value: `"NONE"`)

* `unknown_default_open_api` (value: `"unknown_default_open_api"`)





## Enum: TransactionMethodEnum


* `CAPTURE` (value: `"CAPTURE"`)

* `REFUND` (value: `"REFUND"`)

* `VOID` (value: `"VOID"`)

* `MANUAL` (value: `"MANUAL"`)

* `unknown_default_open_api` (value: `"unknown_default_open_api"`)





## Enum: MerchantAccountTypeEnum


* `PAYPAL` (value: `"PAYPAL"`)

* `UNSUPPORTED` (value: `"UNSUPPORTED"`)

* `AUTHORIZE` (value: `"AUTHORIZE"`)

* `EWAY` (value: `"EWAY"`)

* `WEPAY` (value: `"WEPAY"`)

* `STRIPE` (value: `"STRIPE"`)

* `KEAP_PAY` (value: `"KEAP_PAY"`)

* `unknown_default_open_api` (value: `"unknown_default_open_api"`)




