# Keap.Core.V2.Model.TransactionV2

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Amount** | **double** | The amount of the transaction. | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** | The resulting status of the transaction. | [optional] 
**Description** | **string** | A description of the transaction. | [optional] 
**Contact** | [**BasicContact**](BasicContact.md) | Contact associated with this order | [optional] 
**OrderIds** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | List of order ids transaction was against. | [optional] 
**ContactId** | **string** | The id of the contact the transaction was for. | [optional] 
**TransactionMethod** | **string** | The method of transaction. | [optional] 
**TransactionTime** | **DateTime** | When this transaction was made. In ISO-8601 format. | [optional] 
**ExternalReferenceId** | **string** | An external reference id - typically from a payment processor - that references this transaction. | [optional] 
**ExternalResponseCode** | **string** | An external response code generated by payment processor | [optional] 
**ErrorDetails** | **string** | Any details if the transaction failed. | [optional] 
**PaymentId** | **string** | Identifier of an order/invoice payment created by the transaction. | [optional] 
**IsSuccessful** | **bool** | If the transaction completed in a successful state. PENDING transactions are treated &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**MerchantAccountId** | **string** | The merchant account id through which the transaction was made. | [optional] 
**MerchantAccountType** | **string** | The merchant account id through which the transaction was made. | [optional] 
**PaymentMethod** | [**PaymentMethod**](PaymentMethod.md) | Details of the payment method used for this transaction. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

